In the last lecture we learn how we can pass parameters and fragments.
Now let's make sure we can also retrieve them.
So we're loading this edit server component in the end so that is probably really want to retrieve that
information we can easily do this by going there at its server component.
And you see there already is a lot of code in there.
Well everything what's happening here however is it's using our service service to get the server with
the ID one and to be able to update it and definitely dive into this service service file if you want
to learn more about what's happening here.
It's super simple though we simply are able to get this array of service get a single server or update
a single server.
So all right.
So that's not the interesting part.
The interesting part in the edit component here is how we can get access to our query parameter and
the fragment we need our actuator to route for this.
So let's inject that just like we did before actuators route needs to be imported from the at angular
rowdier package.
So make sure to Attis import at the top and we've just added in let's say NGO and in it we can retrieve
our query parameters and the fragment.
And just like before there are two ways of retrieving it for the first approach we can simply access
the snapshot of our route and access where he Brehm's your or our fragment just like that.
Now this might bring the same problem as with the parents.
This is only run or updated at the time this component is created.
So if there is a chance of changing your query per perhaps from the page you're currently on you might
not want to use this approach because it won't be reactive it won't display or allow you to react to
any changes which happen after this component has been loaded.
So for now let's use the snapshot though.
And that's what's to console once this reloads notice we already have a query parameter and a fragment
and we see both here.
This is our query parameter object where we have this key value pair mapping again allow added to one.
And this is just a bit broken.
But here you see if I make my console a bit broader You see the loading hash fragment.
So this is how you can retrieve it.
The alternative of course is to use the route and just like we had parents as observable.
We also have clearly parents as an observable we can subscribe to like this.
And of course we also have fragment as an observable we can subscribe.
Q So just like before.
DS will now allow you to react to changed the parameters.
Now that's something we'll all use later in this module.
For now nothing will happen here but it is important to keep in mind life for prayer parents who do
have the same for queery parents and fragmented.
You don't need to unsubscribe here angler will handle it for you just like it did for parents but does
this how you can now get access to these extra features and how you can make sure that you don't miss
that data.